README.md, before:

# Supplementary materials for "Corpus-based approach meets LFG: Puzzling voice alternation in Indonesian"

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

*by* [Gede Primahadi Wijaya Rajeg](https://figshare.com/authors/Gede_Primahadi_Wijaya_Rajeg/1234749) <a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2047-8621" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2047-8621" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a>, [I Made Rajeg](https://figshare.com/authors/I_Made_Rajeg/4052377) <a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0001-8989-0203" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0001-8989-0203" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a>, and [I Wayan Arka](https://researchers.anu.edu.au/researchers/arka-iww) <a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2819-6186" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2819-6186" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a>

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

The pre-print of the proceeding paper (under-review) and slides can be seen below:

> Rajeg, Gede Primahadi Wijaya; Rajeg, I Made; Arka, I Wayan (2020): Corpus-based approach meets LFG: Puzzling voice alternation in Indonesian. figshare. Conference contribution. https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.12423788

Data and code citation (on Open Science Framework [OSF](https://osf.io/ymd2v/)) can be seen below:

> Rajeg, Gede Primahadi Wijaya, I Made Rajeg & I W Arka. 2020. Supplementary Materials for "Corpus-based approach meets LFG: Puzzling voice alternation in Indonesian". OSF. doi:10.17605/OSF.IO/YMD2V. osf.io/ymd2v.

Commit message:

update README with the published version of the paper.

README.md, after:

# Supplementary materials for "Corpus-based approach meets LFG: Puzzling voice alternation in Indonesian"

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

*by* [Gede Primahadi Wijaya Rajeg](https://figshare.com/authors/Gede_Primahadi_Wijaya_Rajeg/1234749) <a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2047-8621" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2047-8621" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a>, [I Made Rajeg](https://figshare.com/authors/I_Made_Rajeg/4052377) <a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0001-8989-0203" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0001-8989-0203" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a>, and [I Wayan Arka](https://researchers.anu.edu.au/researchers/arka-iww) <a itemprop="sameAs" content="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2819-6186" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0002-2819-6186" target="orcid.widget" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="vertical-align:top;"><img src="https://orcid.org/sites/default/files/images/orcid_16x16.png" style="width:1em;margin-right:.5em;" alt="ORCID iD icon"></a>

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

The published version of the proceedings paper can be seen below:

> Rajeg, Gede Primahadi W., Rajeg, I Made, & Arka, I Wayan. 2020. Corpus-based approach meets LFG: the puzzling case of voice alternations of *kena*-verbs in Indonesian. In Butt, Miriam, & Toivonen, Ida (Eds.), *Proceedings of the LFG’20 Conference*, On-Line, 307–327. Stanford, CA: CSLI Publications. [abstract and PDF](http://web.stanford.edu/group/cslipublications/cslipublications/LFG/LFG-2020/abstr-rra.shtml)

The pre-print of the proceeding paper (under-review) and slides can be seen below:

> Rajeg, Gede Primahadi Wijaya; Rajeg, I Made; Arka, I Wayan (2020): Corpus-based approach meets LFG: Puzzling voice alternation in Indonesian. figshare. Conference contribution. https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.12423788

Data and code citation (on Open Science Framework [OSF](https://osf.io/ymd2v/)) can be seen below:

> Rajeg, Gede Primahadi Wijaya, I Made Rajeg & I W Arka. 2020. Supplementary Materials for "Corpus-based approach meets LFG: Puzzling voice alternation in Indonesian". OSF. doi:10.17605/OSF.IO/YMD2V. osf.io/ymd2v.
